Module Benchmarks (#163)
jbathmann/pyMANGA: web/content/en/docs/Benchmarks/_index.md

| &#x2610; OGSLargeScale            |               | &#x2610; Memory |
| &#x2610; OGSLargeScaleExternal   |               |  |
| &#x2611; SymmetricZOI             |               |  |
| &#x2611; SZoiFixedSalinity        |               |  |

### Modules tested with NetworkBettina

Network modules enable the formation of groups, representing root grafted trees.
Grafted trees can exchange water, based on the water potential gradient between them.

The module describing the group formation as well as the water exchange is 'SimpleNetwork'.
All other below-ground network modules are children of this module and one or two other existing below-ground modules allowing for example the definition of a salinity gradient ('NetworkFixedSalinity').
Network below-ground modules must be combined with the growth module 'NetworkBettina' which is based on 'SimpleBettina' but describes resource allocation to form the root graft.

| Below-ground | 
| --- | 
| &#x2611; SimpleNetwork            | 
| &#x2611; NetworkFixedSalinity     | 
| &#x2610; NetworkOGSLargeScale     | 
| &#x2610; NetworkOGSLargeScaleExternal    |  

### Modules tested with SimpleKiwi

> With SimpleKiwi, below- and above-ground modules that depend on tree geometries (i.e. crown and root radius) do not need to be tested.

Reviewer: Why not? ;)

Author: because it doesn't make sense? I welcome any suggestion on a proper argument :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SimpleKiwi, below- and above-ground modules that depend on tree geometries (i.e. crown and root radius) do not grow during the simulation as tree size is only defined in dependence on dbh.
Hence, we do not test the concepts, which depend on crown and root radius as the competition behavior does not change over time.
```
